feat(key_manager): add asymmetric concepts (#4947)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/key-manager/faq.mdx

- [Encryption](/key-manager/concepts/#encryption)
- [Decryption](/key-manager/concepts/#decryption)
- [Data encryption key](/key-manager/concepts/#data-encryption-key-dek) generation
- [Signature](/key-manager/concepts/#signature)

> - [Signature Verification](/key-manager/concepts/#signature-verification)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Signature verification](/key-manager/concepts/#signature-verification)
```

## Which algorithms and key usage does Key Manager support?

<Macro id="encryption" />

Key Manager supports multiple [key usages](/key-manager/concepts/#key-usage) to suit different cryptographic operations:

- Keys with a key usage set to `symmetric_encryption` are used to encrypt and decrypt data using symmetric algorithms.

> - Keys with an `asymmetric_encryption` usage are used for encrypting and decrypting data with asymmetric algorithms, typically involving a public-private key pair.
> - Keys with a `asymmetric_signing` usage are used for generating and verifying digital signatures, ensuring data authenticity and integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keys with a usage set to `asymmetric_encryption` are used for encrypting and decrypting data with asymmetric algorithms, typically involving a public-private key pair.
- Keys with a usage set to `asymmetric_signing` are used for generating and verifying digital signatures, ensuring data authenticity and integrity.
```
